[docs] Document the global class names (#16770)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/pages/api/avatar.md

## CSS

- Style sheet name: `MuiAvatar`.
- Style sheet details:

| Rule name | Global class | Description |
|:-----|:-------------|:------------|
| <span class="prop-name">root</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiAvatar-root</span> | Styles applied to the root element.
| <span class="prop-name">colorDefault</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiAvatar-colorDefault</span> | Styles applied to the root element if there are children and not `src` or `srcSet`.
| <span class="prop-name">img</span> | <span class="prop-name">MuiAvatar-img</span> | Styles applied to the img element if either `src` or `srcSet` is defined.

You can override the style of the component thanks to one of these customizability points:

- With a rule name of the [`classes` object prop](/customization/components/#overriding-styles-with-classes).
- With a [global class name](/customization/components/#overriding-styles-with-global-class-names).
- With a theme and an [`overrides` property](/customization/globals/#css).

> If it's not enough, you can find the [implementation of the component](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/master/packages/material-ui/src/Avatar/Avatar.js) for more detail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If that's not sufficient, you can check the [implementation of the component](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/master/packages/material-ui/src/Avatar/Avatar.js) for more detail.
```
